go a little fun and creativity
I start by isolating the bottles
glass in my little tin can the goal
of the demo can be to do them
soften to deform them I already
tried in the past to soften
green following this process but my
burns was not powerful enough with
this one of meals too much to have
problem
it's a burner blow I already have you
makes a presentation of it and the
heat output is clearly
higher I push the climb into
temperature until you get a color
cherry red on the bottles alas the
green will gradually be global
with pliers I will remove the
bottles to avoid breakage and
cracks it will follow the different
levels of cooking in winter that you
find in other videos
with the glass we will avoid anyway
big thermal shocks so that's why
that you see a flame that is blue
and yellow to have some time to
softening some euro time
then sounds short let's go all this is
quite technical
we can see that the heat has even made
welded some bottles that constitutes
now a room in itself others have
took nice shapes that we can
reuse as a base or objects of
Deco
and here I hope that this video you
will please feel free to share it and
to subscribe to the al chain and to very
soon